Displaying 25 of 45 matches:
                                                                                                 angel to his servant , John , 001 : 002 who testified to God ' s word , and of the testimony of Jesus 
 angels of the seven assemblies . The seven lampstands are seven assemblies . 002 : 001 " To the angel of the assembly in Ephesus write : " He who holds the seven stars in his right hand , he who wal
I will give to eat of the tree of life , which is in the Paradise of my God . 002 : 008 " To the angel of the assembly in Smyrna write : " The first and the last , who was dead , and has come to life
 to the assemblies . He who overcomes won ' t be harmed by the second death . 002 : 012 " To the angel of the assembly in Pergamum write : " He who has the sharp two - edged sword says these things :
on the stone a new name written , which no one knows but he who receives it . 002 : 018 " To the angel of the assembly in Thyatira write : " The Son of God , who has his eyes like a flame of fire , a
He who has an ear , let him hear what the Spirit says to the assemblies . 003 : 001 " And to the angel of the assembly in Sardis write : " He who has the seven Spirits of God , and the seven stars sa
006 He who has an ear , let him hear what the Spirit says to the assemblies . 003 : 007 " To the angel of the assembly in Philadelphia write : " He who is holy , he who is true , he who has the key o
013 He who has an ear , let him hear what the Spirit says to the assemblies . 003 : 014 " To the angel of the assembly in Laodicea write : " The Amen , the Faithful and True Witness , the Head of God
ne , a book written inside and outside , sealed shut with seven seals . 005 : 002 I saw a mighty angel proclaiming with a loud voice , " Who is worthy to open the book , and to break its seals ?" 005
 that no wind would blow on the earth , or on the sea , or on any tree . 007 : 002 I saw another angel ascend from the sunrise , having the seal of the living God . He cried with a loud voice to the 
he seven angels who stand before God , and seven trumpets were given to them . 008 : 003 Another angel came and stood over the altar , having a golden censer . Much incense was given to him , that he
 : 004 The smoke of the incense , with the prayers of the saints , went up before God out of the angel ' s hand . 008 : 005 The angel took the censer , and he filled it with the fire of the altar , a
 , with the prayers of the saints , went up before God out of the angel ' s hand . 008 : 005 The angel took the censer , and he filled it with the fire of the altar , and threw it on the earth . Ther
d one third of the trees were burnt up , and all green grass was burnt up . 008 : 008 The second angel sounded , and something like a great burning mountain was thrown into the sea . One third of the
eatures which were in the sea died . One third of the ships were destroyed . 008 : 010 The third angel sounded , and a great star fell from the sky , burning like a torch , and it fell on one third o
rmwood . Many people died from the waters , because they were made bitter . 008 : 012 The fourth angel sounded , and one third of the sun was struck , and one third of the moon , and one third of the
e other voices of the trumpets of the three angels , who are yet to sound !" 009 : 001 The fifth angel sounded , and I saw a star from the sky which had fallen to the earth . The key to the pit of th
ir tails they have power to harm men for five months . 009 : 011 They have over them as king the angel of the abyss . His name in Hebrew is " Abaddon ," 009 : 012 The first woe is past . Behold , the
he first woe is past . Behold , there are still two woes coming after this . 009 : 013 The sixth angel sounded . I heard a voice from the horns of the golden altar which is before God , 009 : 014 say
d a voice from the horns of the golden altar which is before God , 009 : 014 saying to the sixth angel who had one trumpet , " Free the four angels who are bound at the great river Euphrates !" 009 :
heir sorceries , nor of their sexual immorality , nor of their thefts . 010 : 001 I saw a mighty angel coming down out of the sky , clothed with a cloud . A rainbow was on his head . His face was lik
g , " Seal up the things which the seven thunders said , and don ' t write them ." 010 : 005 The angel who I saw standing on the sea and on the land lifted up his right hand to the sky , 010 : 006 an
 it , that there will no longer be delay , 010 : 007 but in the days of the voice of the seventh angel , when he is about to sound , then the mystery of God is finished , as he declared to his servan
m heaven , again speaking with me , said , " Go , take the book which is open in the hand of the angel who stands on the sea and on the land ." 010 : 009 I went to the angel , telling him to give me 
s open in the hand of the angel who stands on the sea and on the land ." 010 : 009 I went to the angel , telling him to give me the little book . He said to me , " Take it , and eat it up . It will m
Displaying 23 of 23 matches:
stars which you saw in my right hand , and the seven golden lampstands . The seven stars are the angels of the seven assemblies . The seven lampstands are seven assemblies . 002 : 001 " To the angel o
his name out of the book of life , and I will confess his name before my Father , and before his angels . 003 : 006 He who has an ear , let him hear what the Spirit says to the assemblies . 003 : 007 
God , and we will reign on earth ." 005 : 011 I saw , and I heard something like a voice of many angels around the throne , the living creatures , and the elders ; and the number of them was ten thous
 great day of his wrath has come ; and who is able to stand ?" 007 : 001 After this , I saw four angels standing at the four corners of the earth , holding the four winds of the earth , so that no win
nd from the sunrise , having the seal of the living God . He cried with a loud voice to the four angels to whom it was given to harm the earth and the sea , 007 : 003 saying , " Don ' t harm the earth
ying , " Salvation be to our God , who sits on the throne , and to the Lamb !" 007 : 011 All the angels were standing around the throne , the elders , and the four living creatures ; and they fell on 
he seventh seal , there was silence in heaven for about half an hour . 008 : 002 I saw the seven angels who stand before God , and seven trumpets were given to them . 008 : 003 Another angel came and 
 earth . There followed thunders , sounds , lightnings , and an earthquake . 008 : 006 The seven angels who had the seven trumpets prepared themselves to sound . 008 : 007 The first sounded , and ther
 Woe for those who dwell on the earth , because of the other voices of the trumpets of the three angels , who are yet to sound !" 009 : 001 The fifth angel sounded , and I saw a star from the sky whic
 which is before God , 009 : 014 saying to the sixth angel who had one trumpet , " Free the four angels who are bound at the great river Euphrates !" 009 : 015 The four angels were freed who had been 
rumpet , " Free the four angels who are bound at the great river Euphrates !" 009 : 015 The four angels were freed who had been prepared for that hour and day and month and year , so that they might k
h her one thousand two hundred sixty days . 012 : 007 There was war in the sky . Michael and his angels made war on the dragon . The dragon and his angels made war . 012 : 008 They didn ' t prevail , 
07 There was war in the sky . Michael and his angels made war on the dragon . The dragon and his angels made war . 012 : 008 They didn ' t prevail , neither was a place found for him any more in heave
he devil and Satan , the deceiver of the whole world . He was thrown down to the earth , and his angels were thrown down with him . 012 : 010 I heard a loud voice in heaven , saying , " Now is come th
 in the cup of his anger . He will be tormented with fire and sulfur in the presence of the holy angels , and in the presence of the Lamb . 014 : 011 The smoke of their torment goes up forever and eve
housand six hundred stadia . 015 : 001 I saw another great and marvelous sign in the sky : seven angels having the seven last plagues , for in them God ' s wrath is finished . 015 : 002 I saw somethin
d , and the temple of the tabernacle of the testimony in heaven was opened . 015 : 006 The seven angels who had the seven plagues came out , clothed with pure , bright linen , and wearing golden sashe
olden sashes around their breasts . 015 : 007 One of the four living creatures gave to the seven angels seven golden bowls full of the wrath of God , who lives forever and ever . 015 : 008 The temple 
from his power . No one was able to enter into the temple , until the seven plagues of the seven angels would be finished . 016 : 001 I heard a loud voice out of the temple , saying to the seven angel
ngels would be finished . 016 : 001 I heard a loud voice out of the temple , saying to the seven angels , " Go and pour out the seven bowls of the wrath of God on the earth !" 016 : 002 The first went
e of the plague of the hail , for this plague is exceedingly severe . 017 : 001 One of the seven angels who had the seven bowls came and spoke with me , saying , " Come here . I will show you the judg
e lake that burns with fire and sulfur , which is the second death ." 021 : 009 One of the seven angels who had the seven bowls , who were loaded with the seven last plagues came , and he spoke with m
crystal ; 021 : 012 having a great and high wall ; having twelve gates , and at the gates twelve angels ; and names written on them , which are the names of the twelve tribes of the children of Israel
